so they can cut the chain off the door
but they can't make us play
we've decided we're gonna finish what
you started sir
yes so leave us be coach we got to
do sir
our deepest fear is not that we are
inadequate our deepest fear is that we
are powerful beyond measure it is our
light not our darkness that most
frightens us your playing small does not
serve the world there is nothing
enlightened about shrinking so that
other people won't feel insecure around
you we were all meant to shine as
children do it's not just in some of us
it's in everyone and as we let our own
light shine we unconsciously give other
people permission to do the same as we
are liberated from our own fear our
presence automatically liberates others
so I just want to say thank you
you saved my life
thank you sir
all of you
[Music]